# msa-webapiapps

About the app:
This application was created to target those individuals who are currently on their learners license and have to continuously record data, and update their log book, the goal of this app is to make the process of recording data more convenient as it would simply be on your phone, while also having a hub where you can access and view different driving sessions for reference. Being an individual who is still currently on their learner’s license, it is somewhat inconvenient to continuously look for your logbook/ or a pen to fill out the details. As such this app contains features like that of what the physical logbook would look like, including odometer tracking, timing, weather, and traffic. The app similarly has a sorting function, making it easy for users to search for specific dates, if they want to fill out their physical logbook. Majority of the potential users of this app would be that of people in their mid-to late teens, which in modern day, do have access to some form of mobile device.

Future/Expandability:
In terms of the expandability and scalability of this app, although its target audience would be limited, there would always be individuals who could use the app in later generations. However, in terms of how it could potentially reach out to other groups, there could be features related to other services, perhaps test practicing, or service reminders. In terms of modifying the app for the future, with the growing integration of software engineering into vehicles, potentially, the app could be connected to the vehicle such that all details are filled out automatically, removing the need for the user to manually fill out the details themselves.
